Update README.md (#548)
aljazceru/awesome-nostr: README.md

- [njump](https://github.com/fiatjaf/njump)![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/fiatjaf/njump.svg?style=social) - a nostr static gateway, it displays notes and other stuff from inside nostr as HTML with previews.
- [nkcli](https://github.com/mdzz-club/nkcli)![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mdzz-club/nkcli.svg?style=social) - A CLI tool for nostr key manage and serve NIP-46.
- [nos2x - nostr signer extension](https://github.com/fiatjaf/nos2x)![stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/fiatjaf/nos2x.svg?style=social) - a browser extension for signing events on 3rd party site without sharing your private keys with them

> - [nostash - nostr signer extension](https://github.com/tyiu/nostash) - an up-to-date and maintained fork of nos2x by @tyiu. Nostash is a browser extension for signing events on 3rd party site without sharing your private keys with them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [nostash - nostr signer extension](https://github.com/tyiu/nostash) - an up-to-date and maintained fork of nostore by @tyiu. Nostash is a Safari browser extension for signing events on 3rd party sites without sharing your private keys with them
```
